improve description on how to create license key (#233)
opnsense/docs: source/manual/how-tos/maxmind_geo_ip.rst

Generate License Key
######################

> Once you have created an account you'll need to create a license key. Click in the "My License Key" link and generate a key. When promted, choose that you use "geoipupdate" in a version "3.1.1 or later" to generate the hashed version of the key. Save the key ID somewhere safe!!!

Reviewer: small typo `promted` --> `prompted`. If I'm not mistaken, you can also choose to not use geoipupdate. Since @marjohn56 created this doc, let's ask him what he thinks.

Reviewer 2: But we don't use geoipupdate AFAIK, so does it matter which one you chose?

Author: No idea, as I only tried the one version. If both ways okay (did anybody test?), lets just state it like that?

Reviewer 2: Just checked - either one works..

Author: I'd then suggest to change the text like this:
```suggestion
Once you have created an account you'll need to create a license key. Click in the "My License Key" link and generate a key. When asked if you use "geoipupdate",  choose "no". Save the key ID somewhere safe!!!
```

Reviewer 2: Does that work too? Didn't test that one. :)

Reviewer 2: I created keys for both versions of geoipupdate, both worked.

Author: Damn. Could you? :) (as someone was saying that we don't use geoipupdate... :D)
The confirmation was stating, that the key was saved hashed -- didn't sound too different to choosing the alternative geoipupdate in version 3.1.1 or later -- but you never know...
